I've stayed in a lot of different places since I've been in the military.
One was Charleston, South Carolina, then I moved up to Albany, New
York, then I moved down across the country to San Diego. Then I moved
up from there to Birmington, Washington. Now they all had a different
flavor. One was a really good climate with lots of people, that's
San Diego. Birmington was kind of more to the countryside, but
you can have bigger houses and you can do hiking and skiing you know
but it got pretty cold and rainy. New York was close to New York City,
but Albany is lots of green trees everywhere you know. The houses
are really big, but nothing was around that area. There was no building
more than like five stories high you know, that's Albany for
you so it's a very quiet town. And in Charleston, South Carolina I guess
it's kind of like old style, and more south. So out of all those
places that I've been since I've been in the military, I'm a California
person, so I gotta do the San Diego thing.